README.md, before:

# readme-generator

## 09 Node.js Challenge: Professional README Generator

Created a node.js driven application that generates a readme.md file, operated from the command line. The applicatiopn includes all relevant question categories and sections to create a high quality readme. The question prompts are recorded using the Inquirer package. Answered questions populate a skeleton framework, which is then written into a readme.md file upon completion of the command line questions with fs.writeFile. Placeholder answers have been give to demonstrate functionality of the app for the screen recording. 

---

## Areas Covered:
* Dependencies installed to run Node and Inquirer.
* Node modules included in gitignore file so that the directory is not tracked or uploaded to GitHub.
* Variables created to plug inquirer responses into readme string template literal before the string literal is written into a readme file.
* Added readme sections as shown in the "Professional README Guide."
* Screen recorded demonstration of app functions.

---

## Installation Instructions:
* Open integrated terminal in VS Code
* Run npm install to install all dependencies
* Run node index.js to start application 

---

## Tech Stack:
* JavaScript
* Node.js
* Inquirer

---

## About the author:

My name is Kent Shaffer and I am a student in UCSD's full stack web development bootcamp. Prior to starting the program I had zero code experience, so it feels I've been drinking in new information through a fire hose, but I have been loving learning, and I'm excited about all the possibilities that live within the scope of the technologies I have been learning.

If you have any questions, or would like to get in contact, I can be reached at kentshaff@gmail.com 

---

## Video of application functionality: 

(https://watch.screencastify.com/v/5V9jKSgQcssiE1AuNUBR)

---

## Screenshots and Gifs of app: 


![screenshot of heading of readme file that has been generated using the command line](/images/readme_generator_heading_screenshot.png)

---

![screenshot of contact info and license badge that has been generated using the command line readme generator](/images/license_contact_screenshot.png)

---

![gif demo of app operation in command line](/images/readme_generator_gif_1.gif)

---

![gif demo of app operation in command line](/images/readme_generator_demo_2.gif)

---

![gif demo of app operation for choosing project license information](/images/readme_generator_demo_3.gif)

Commit message:

added correct video link and table of contents to project readme

README.md, after:

# readme-generator

## 09 Node.js Challenge: Professional README Generator

Created a node.js driven application that generates a readme.md file, operated from the command line. The applicatiopn includes all relevant question categories and sections to create a high quality readme. The question prompts are recorded using the Inquirer package. Answered questions populate a skeleton framework, which is then written into a readme.md file upon completion of the command line questions with fs.writeFile. Placeholder answers have been give to demonstrate functionality of the app for the screen recording. 

---

## Table of Contents:

[Areas Covered](#areas-covered)

[Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)

[Tech Stack](#tech-stack)

[About the author](#about-the-author)

[Video of application functionality](#video-of-application-functionality)

[Screenshots and Gifs of app](#screenshots-and-gifs-of-app)

---

## Areas Covered:
* Dependencies installed to run Node and Inquirer.
* Node modules included in gitignore file so that the directory is not tracked or uploaded to GitHub.
* Variables created to plug inquirer responses into readme string template literal before the string literal is written into a readme file.
* Added readme sections as shown in the "Professional README Guide."
* Screen recorded demonstration of app functions.

---

## Installation Instructions:
* Open integrated terminal in VS Code
* Run npm install to install all dependencies
* Run node index.js to start application 

---

## Tech Stack:
* JavaScript
* Node.js
* Inquirer

---

## About the author:

My name is Kent Shaffer and I am a student in UCSD's full stack web development bootcamp. Prior to starting the program I had zero code experience, so it feels I've been drinking in new information through a fire hose, but I have been loving learning, and I'm excited about all the possibilities that live within the scope of the technologies I have been learning.

If you have any questions, or would like to get in contact, I can be reached at kentshaff@gmail.com 

---

## Video of application functionality: 

(https://watch.screencastify.com/v/T12ivU6w7XIw3Ewxp72S)

---

## Screenshots and Gifs of app: 


![screenshot of heading of readme file that has been generated using the command line](/images/readme_generator_heading_screenshot.png)

---

![screenshot of contact info and license badge that has been generated using the command line readme generator](/images/license_contact_screenshot.png)

---

![gif demo of app operation in command line](/images/readme_generator_gif_1.gif)

---

![gif demo of app operation in command line](/images/readme_generator_demo_2.gif)

---

![gif demo of app operation for choosing project license information](/images/readme_generator_demo_3.gif)
